Hey, good morning, family. I have another
video I'm going to do for you here.
A lot of people are wanting to know, "Hey,
how do you hear God the way you do?"and
they want to know how I've had
the visitations. They want to understand
more about me and everything. I'm going
to tell you this right now:
I am nothing special.
Why the Lord has chosen to
do what He's done in my life, I have no
idea. I haven't done any kind of
real supernatural prayer
compared to anybody else. I've
been obedient, I can tell you that. When
He tells me to do something, I'm quick to
obey, or I try to at least. Like for
the last video, I told you about being
hesitant of coming on here and telling
you things on YouTube because I had a
gaping wound and I didn't want to
come and expose that to
everybody. I've been a very
private person. I'm very reclusive. I
have a lot of friends, but I do
not try to be real social, even with my
family. Even my family thinks I'm kind of
strange, as far as my mom, my
dad, and my brothers and sisters.
I've
just been really different.
That's the way I've been a lot in my
life. I pray a lot. I have
a very unique relationship with the Lord
as far as the way I look at Him and the
way I talk. I'll say
that much. It all started when I was
a little boy. I
had bad learning disabilities
all through school. I couldn't read, I
couldn't write very well, I couldn't
spell, and I couldn't do math. I went through
school in special ed programs my
whole entire life.
People made fun of me a lot. I got
bullied every day at school, spit on,
pushed down, picked on all day long. I
would come home and cry myself to sleep
because of being bullied all the time.
And so, I got up into my high school
years. I still couldn't read very well, I
still couldn't write very well, and I
couldn't do math. So the principal came
to my mom and said,
"Some kids are just probably going to
be like bricklayers. Your
son really has a hard time. He's making
zeros in school, he's not able to keep up,
and so I would try to encourage you
to just pull him out of school and let
him
get a trade. Let him go ahead and just
work with his hands and go on
with his life. He's not passing any
classes; he's flunking out.
I hate to say
this, but I would just encourage you to
go ahead and let him get a
full-time job and go on with his life."So
I dropped out of school and started
sacking groceries. I sacked groceries for
three years.
Prophecy after prophecy
was spoken over my life that God had a
call on me to do something big. I didn't
know how to implement it. My mom and dad
were going to Bible school at the time,
and I
was trying to get my GED. I thought, "Well,
maybe I can get my GED."I couldn't get my GED. I
went and tried to take the test and
I failed.
So I gave up and just started working,
and worked really hard. I started
learning. I started listening to tapes
from ministries. I got a tape player. I
listened to ministries all day long,
feeding on
the Word of God, listening to Kenneth
Hagin. And I know some people don't like
Kenneth Hagin. I don't care what you
think. Let me tell you that right there; I'm going to be
bold with you. I do
not care what you think about Kenneth
Hagin. He changed my life. He taught me
everything I know. So keep your comments
to yourself in the comment section. If
you do rude things and talk
trash about him, I'll ban you immediately.
There's no tolerance for it.
So I listened to him over and over
again.
I
found these ministries, I started
listening to the Word, and I fed on the Word.
The Lord started
imparting to me. I started fasting. The Lord said,
"I want you to start fasting every other
day of your life."So
I did this as a teenager. I started
fasting every other day of my life. I did
this for years. I prayed, I fasted.
I would start fasting
when the sun came up, all the way to when the
sun came down. Then I ate dinner, and that's
what I did as a young man. I kid you not, I would spend
time
praying in the Spirit,
reading my Bible, and listening to
sermons. Then I got a job; I was
offered a job. I had made some friends, and
they said, "We want you to come and work
in the ministry for us."I
thought, "Wow, here's my opportunity to preach,"because
I was 18 years old
and I was excited. I got my first job; God
opened the door for me. So I started
cleaning bathrooms.
The Lord said, "I want you to do that."So
I started cleaning for a mega
minister's house. I started taking care of
stuff for them, cleaning their
cars, and doing this. I started
learning and listening to him preach. I followed
ministries,
doing it over and over,
just praying in the Spirit and
learning.
So the Lord spoke to us to move to where
we are now,
and I thought, "Man, this is my opportunity."I
was 20 or 21 years old.
I had just got married. I
had a prophecy over my
life: "You're going to find your wife, and you're
going to get married
in a short amount of time."So
we got married.
I thought, "Man, what's
going to happen? We're going to move."My
mom and my dad moved to where they
are, and they started a Boys Ranch. They
started helping out with fatherless
children.
We started volunteering and
helping out there,
trying to help these
troubled young teenagers. So we did that
for about a year or two, and
the Lord put us at a church. We started
doing ministry at the church. I
was cleaning there, and I thought, "Man, I'm going to
have the opportunity to preach now."Lo
and behold, the pastor didn't like me
that much because I preached too
charismatic for him. So he said, "No, you
can clean. You'll probably never preach here."I
thought, "Well, you're
going to change your mind. I'm going to
pray and fast, and God's going to change
your mind."So the Lord said, "Brandon, I
want you just to be an armor bearer. You
pray for the pastor here, and I
want you just to keep being here and
praying."So
I just kept cleaning. I cleaned 90 toilets
three times a week.
Every single time I was in there cleaning,
griping in my heart, "God, You called me to
the ministry. How am I going to do
anything if I'm in here cleaning these
toilets? What are You going to do with my
life? Are You going to do anything
with me?"So I just kept cleaning the
bathrooms, cleaning
all the floors, doing everything.
And I'd go in there and ask, "Hey, will you let me
preach or do anything?""No,
Brandon, you are a janitor.
That's what you're going to do. You're
not called to preach. We don't feel that
about you. You clean."I'd say,
"But I know God's called me to preach."They'd
say, "No, that's not what we feel."So I kept
cleaning. The
Lord gave me a word. I heard a word: "Hey, I
want you to go warn the pastor that judgment is
coming on him. You go tell him
what I'm telling you."I said, "They're going to
fire me, Lord. I can't go in there
and tell him that. He acts like
he doesn't like me that much anyway.""Are
you going to be obedient to me? Are
you going to
be fearful of man?"I said, "Oh, man. Okay."So I was
standing in the back of the hall by
his office on a Sunday night after
church. Lightning was striking, and you could
hear the storm blowing over. There was an
actual storm happening. So I knocked on his
door. He said, "Come in, what can I help you with?"I
said, "The Lord has a word for you."So
I gave him this word. I thought I had
hit him, like just
punching him. That's how strong
the word was that the Lord had for me to
give to him. I thought he was going to fire me
right then.
He didn't fire me. I think he was shocked
because I came in there with such
boldness, being just the cleaner.
That's how it started.
I started obeying Him on hard words. I
started obeying Him whenever He told me
to do something really hard, and then He
started giving me more to do. He'd say, "Do this,"while
I'd be praying. He said,
"I want you to go across town and give
that pastor a word. There are
three witches
that are after his life, trying to kill
him right now, and he's in the hospital
fighting for his life. I want you to
go and give him a word."I said, "Are you
serious? Lord, they don't know me!
Are you going to do it or not?"So
I said, "Yeah, sure, I'll
do it."So I took my little baby at
the time, put the baby on my hip, and
walked in through the doors. I said, "I
have a word for
your pastor."The lady said, "I'm the
secretary.
What is the word?"I said, "Well, your pastor
is sick and he's dying because of these
witches casting spells on him, and I come
to tell you Jesus is going to heal him
and bring healing to
this community."She said,
"You're right. Our pastor is
really sick right now,
and the doctors don't know
what's wrong with him."So
I gave them the word. Well,
that pastor started raising up; his
church exploded. Then it fell
because he committed adultery on his
wife. Just things like that. So I have
these words, and I give them when
the Lord wants me to.
I've just been
obedient. It happens all the
time. "I want you to pray for this person.
Go and do this."So I developed a
relationship with Him. I kept
working at it. Then He said, "Keep
praying and cleaning these toilets."Like
I said, 90 toilets three times a
week. This was a megachurch, a huge church
where I worked. So I cleaned them. I'd go
in there and clean them all by myself on a
Saturday morning. I'd clean them all by
myself on a Sunday night, clean them all
by myself on Wednesdays a lot of
times, cleaning
the floors, waxing the floors, buffing the floors, keeping
doing it.
I said, "Lord, I'm doing what You've asked
me to do."But He said, "Well, you're not
doing it in obedience. The willing and
obedient will eat the good of the land.
You've
been obedient, but you're not willing to
do it. You're complaining in your heart
towards Me."I said, "When are You going to
release me from this?"He said, "When you
can do it with full joy unto Me, I'll
release you from this. Do it unto Me."I
said, "I can't do it, Lord. I keep
doing this; this is terrible. I don't want
to clean these toilets anymore. I do not
want to wax these floors
year after year after year."Finally, as
I told you about my little girl in the previous video,
we had our little girl, and it took me even
further down to the bottom of the ocean.
With all that
happening, all
that's going on, I'm cleaning the
bathrooms, I'm submitting to the pastor, and
I'm praying for him even if I don't
agree with what he's preaching. The Lord
said, "Honor him. Do not touch him with
your words. Pray for him, honor him,
and respect him, even if you don't
agree. But you have to not only do it
with words; you have to do it with your
heart.""Are
You kidding me?"I said, "Lord, this
is the hardest thing I've ever been
through in my life. You want me to do
this? With my little girl, everything's
falling apart. Now You want me to honor
this man with my words
and my heart, not complaining about
cleaning these bathrooms, not complaining
about my boss that's treating me like
trash every single day, trying to get me
fired, trying to conspire against me?"Because
I could see in the spirit, I
could warn of things that were going to
happen. I would warn the pastor of the
church about what was going on.
So I started to develop a
relationship with the pastor, and it
took years of building.
Then they came to
me and said, "Hey, we know you can
pray. People tell us all the time
you're laying hands on people and they're
getting healed."So I started
building a reputation of, "Hey,
if Brandon prays for you, the Lord's going to
heal you."People on the staff
started coming to me. "Hey, I've got a
major migraine today. Would you pray for me?"The
power of God would come and deliver them
from a headache. "Hey, I'm
fixing to sing on the stage. Would you
pray for me? I have laryngitis. Will you
pray for me?"Boom, the power of God hit them, and
they would start singing, to be able to
get through the service.
It became a process. I'm the janitor that
was cleaning and doing everything. Then
people in witchcraft wanting to
get free would come in there and get healed. None
of them knew how to deliver anybody from
a devil; they'd come and get me. I'm
cleaning the toilets in church, or a
vomit spill, or whatever from somebody
getting sick, and they'd come and tell me,
"Hey, we gotta have you in the back in the altar
room. A witch just gave her heart to
Jesus Christ, and she's flipping out, and
we don't know what to do with her
because she's growling and manifesting
back there. Can you come back here
and cast the devil out of her because
none of us know how to do it?"I said,
"Are you kidding me? You are pastors."It
was kind of an arrogance thing on my
part because I was just like, "Whatever,
you're coming to get me to do your job."But
I just said, "Okay, fine."I had to be
humble and just say, "Okay, I'll pray for her."So I'd
go down there
and start casting devils out of her. They'd
come back there and say, "Listen, you're
taking too long, and it's
too loud. Can you get her to be a little
bit quieter because she's causing a
distraction in church,
and she's growling and everything."I
said, "Listen, you deal with it
then."Because
I was already irritated about
my circumstances. Lo and behold,
this went clear on until about 11:30 at
night. And so the
pastors came in there and said, "Can you
tell the devils to hurry up
and get out? Because I'm ready to go home
and eat. I don't want to be here anymore."I
said, "Go ahead and go home.
I've got the alarm code and
the key, don't worry about it. I'm going to
get this girl set free."So lo and behold,
they all left. You know, that's the way
things went. I started getting a
reputation. That's the way I live my
faith. I believe God is a deliverer, I
believe God is a healer, and regardless
of my circumstances and what's going on
around me, He is a good God. And so they
let me start doing prayer.
So, I started doing Saturday morning
prayer whenever the main prayer lady was
gone. When I led
prayer, the presence of God
would fill that whole atmosphere, and
people wouldn't move because the power of
God would settle in so strongly. Whenever
we would do prayer, it was nothing about
me; it had everything to do with Jesus. I
want to let you know, if God will use me,
He will use you. I'm telling you, I'm
nothing special. I'm just telling you about
just being obedient to whatever the Lord
told me to do. So, I just kept cleaning
toilets. Ten
years went by. On 3/3 of '13, the Lord
says, 'You're done.'On 3/3 of '03,
I was hired; on 3/3 of '13,
He said, 'You're done. I want you to quit
now.'I
said, 'Are you serious? I
don't mind being here anymore.'He said,
'Yeah, I know. That's why you're released.'A
year goes by; He releases me. I
stopped praying to be a part
of doing that. He said, 'I'm going to
do something different
with your life now.'So, I
stopped doing it.
Six months goes by, and the pastor falls into
an adulterous affair, and the church
falls.
It was a very hard thing for me because
I thought, 'Man, this is terrible.'I warned
him about all the things that were
coming prophetically. I warned him about
all of it, and he still didn't listen. I
spent years telling him,
and you know what?
I did my job. I did my job. I did it, and I
honored him. I prayed for him, and I did
everything I could do.
So, the Lord said, 'I want you to do
something different.'So I thought, 'Man,
I'm going to get into ministry now.'Nope. My daughter is
still overcoming, and things are
falling apart. The Lord said, 'I want you to
start doing business stuff. I'm done. I
don't want you to be in ministry anymore.
I want you to do something
different with your life, Brandon.'I
said, 'Are you kidding me? I've had all
these words, Lord, You've given me about ministry.'He
said, 'I'm going to take you in a
different direction now. It's okay. Are
you serving Me?'I said, 'Yes.'So, I put it
all on the shelf. I put ministry on the
shelf. I started working and trying to
make money. He would give me
ideas. I would develop a
relationship with Him, and I told you all
about this: we'd sit on the couch
together, and I'd practice the prophetic
voice inside of me. He'd tell
me about scores of football games.
Because it's just the way this little
guy goes, 'Well, Jesus is sitting on my
couch, I won't ask Him about scores and
about the games. I'm going to talk to
Jesus.'Whatever,
dude. You don't have a clue; you have no
relationship with Him at all. I'm going to
be real with you. If you get real,
God will get real with you. These
people that have all this religious Pharisee
stuff going on inside of them,
they're never going to be used by Him.
I'm telling you, you've got to get real with
God, and God has got to take you
through the fire. He has to take you through
trials and tribulations to develop your
character. He'll take you through things,
and He'll let you feel like you're going to
drown, but it keeps building up
inside of you, and He's trying to grow
inside of you
so that you have character. Because you
have to die to self, and a lot of people
don't want to die to self. You don't have the
character to handle the pressure of the
anointing and the things going on in
your life. So you go through some things,
and it's called the Refiner's Fire. And
I'm telling you, my Refiner's Fire was cleaning
poop, cleaning vomit,
cleaning the babies'rooms, and doing all
this stuff. Altogether, between the megachurch
and the mega-ministry,
I did it for thirteen and a half
years. Cleaning and cleaning and cleaning,
to the point where my hands had
calluses and sores all over them
from chemicals and doing things.
So then He told me, 'Hey, I
don't want you to do any ministry
anymore. I'm going to take you and do
something different in your life.'I
thought, 'Are you kidding
me?'So,
in the process of all
this, the pastor told my wife—because my
wife was very smart; she
graduated top of her class in high school—so
she was doing accounting and
working at the church too. And he told
her, he said, 'If you go and get your
degree, I'll put you head over the
accounting department.'So, my wife started
going to ORU. Doing this, my daughter's
overcoming autism, we're pushing as hard
as we can because we're tired of being
broke, and we want more. We want more
finances to be able to have a nice home.
We're living in a shotgun rental house, barely getting
by. It's terrible, I'm just
telling you. We couldn't make our car
payment; we're living on food stamps. We
were doing everything we could. So, she's
doing night school. We're pushing as hard
as we can, doing it online, doing all we
could. She gets her
bachelor's degree in business and
counseling.
She's still not done, so
I help her, and we get all the way
through
her master's, and she gets her master's in
accounting.
Everything's fine. She makes a 4.0
through college; her whole college, she
has a 4.0. She finishes her master's
degree. She does it all. It was a lot of
work. My daughter's still overcoming
autism, we have our son,
we get through all of it. We're
finishing her college.
I'm cleaning, barely making it the whole
time,
and he falls morally, and she's not
able to get the job anymore. So, she has a
master's in accounting and a 4.0. We have the degrees,
we have all this stuff, and the
Lord says, 'I'm going to do something
different with your life.'So, we
started to do some business stuff, and
the Lord started blessing it. He started
doing this with us. He started telling me
where to go every day to find the stuff
to do for our business. I started
listening to Him in everything.
Seven years go by.
Seven years I've put the call completely
on the shelf,
and He starts telling me, 'Brandon, are you
going to be obedient to what I've called
you? I want you to do a YouTube channel.'I said,
'What?
Are you serious?'I said, 'Lord, I'm doing
good. I'm enjoying doing this. I'm
listening to You every day on what to do
with my finances. This is what You want
me to do with my life?'I said, 'Surely I'm
missing it.'I said,
'This is kind of weird, it's like
back and forth.'So He says to me,
'All that time, I wanted to see if you
were serving Me
or if you were serving the call. Now I
have found that you're serving Me, and
it's not just about the call. You've been
obedient to what I've called you to do
every step of the way. Now get ready,
because I'm going to put you in
ministry, and I'm going to open a door
for you, and it's going to explode. Be
obedient to what I've asked you to do,
and the doors are going to
fling wide open for you for
ministry now,
because I have found that you fear
Me, and you fear what I've asked you to
do. You've been obedient.'And I said,
'Lord, I don't want to do it.'Because, I
said, 'My little girl is still overcoming.
You want me to do a ministry? You want me to
do all this stuff?'I said, 'I've run from it.'I
actually was relieved that He had
told me to do business. Because
He had told me to
invest in things, and it was being
successful. The
Lord started blessing my hands big time,
and I was excited about it. And I said,
'Man, for the first time we're actually able to pay our bills on time. For the first time we're
able to
not have to be on food stamps.'It
was embarrassing not being
able to pay your bills, to not be able to
pay your electric or your water or your gas
because you're so broke. And every single
time you get to the end of the
paycheck, you'd have to borrow on a
credit card to get through because we were
trying to pay for my daughter to go
through therapy.
We had nothing. We were broke,
dead broke, working for the church. And
like I said, we got
out of the church, and my wife got out of
college, and we thought, 'Man,
we're going to be in the money now because
she's got her master's
degree.'Nope.
Nothing happened with the master's
degree. She still doesn't use her
master's degree as of this moment.
She is able to do taxes, she is
able to do everything she needs
to do; she has a lot of education.
So,
this is the process we've been in our
life.
I say all this to say, I hope that was
not boring. I'm just trying to tell you
where I come from.
It has been a lot of trials. There has
been a lot of 'I don't know if we're
going to make it,'standing every single
paycheck, standing and believing, cleaning
the bathrooms, dying to self, the trials,
and developing my
relationship with Him to the point of
thinking, 'Man, Lord, if You're ever going to
use me.'And then He tells me, 'I'm not
going to do that with you. I want you to
do something else.'And for years I think
the promise is gone. God doesn't want me to
be a preacher. He doesn't want me
to do anything like that. I'm
going to be a businessman.
And so, all that to say this: I'm here, and
that's where I'm at right now. That
is a lot of
testimony of everything that I've been
through up until today. And so, I'm here to
tell you all about Jesus now on YouTube,
because that's what He's told me to do,
and I've been obedient to it. So, let me
pray for you. If you have a dream, if you
have
some kind of call on your life, you feel
God wants you to be in
ministry, and you don't know how to get there,
don't give up on it. You know what? I
don't know where this is going to lead.
I don't have any clue. All I know is
God told me to be on YouTube, and you all
are watching it. It's been very
interesting for me because I now
have 50,000 subscribers, and I started
out, I believe it was
February or whatever, doing these videos
and putting ministry
stuff on there, and people started
subscribing. And He said, 'I'm going to breathe
on it for you,'and that's exactly what
He's done. So, I appreciate you all being
a part of this. Like I said,
I have no clue where it's going to go.
All I know is I wake up every day
still doing my business
stuff, working, and doing this whenever I
have time to. I just want to
say thank you for helping and
supporting me and being a part of it. Like
I said, I believe God has put healing
in my hands. I feel the fire in my hands
when I pray for people. It's there for a
reason. He told me one day I'll have
a tent, and I'm going to go and set tents
up. He wants me to have a
tent revival. There's a great revival
about to happen
with tents and people being healed.
I've seen it. Thank you for watching, and
I pray you all have a wonderful day.
Put a song in your heart and a smile on
your face. Jesus loves you, and we'll see
you next time. Bye-bye.